Fix missing error when accessing unintialized variables. (#10826)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * SMTChecker: Fix internal error on pushing string literal to ``bytes`` array.
 * Type Checker: Fix internal error caused by constant structs containing mappings.
 * Type System: Disallow implicit conversion from ``uintN`` to ``intM`` when ``M > N``, and by extension, explicit conversion between the same types is also disallowed.

>  * Control Flow Graph: Fix missing error for access to uninitialized variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Control Flow Graph: Fix missing error caused by read from/write to uninitialized variables.
```

Reviewer: Actually I'm not sure if access here means write only?
